.TH BLUEBOX "1" "June 2022" "Bluebox v0.3" "User Manual"
.SH NAME
Bluebox \- Lightweight sandbox game written in C99.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
bluebox.bin [Options | Flags]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Bluebox is an open source sandbox game which allows you to simulate your own Earth in your own universe, ranging from tiny
islands in the middle of nowhere to fully-fledged civilizations ahead of humanity. It is very lightweight and fast, able to run on really old hardware and without any hardware acceleration.
.SH INSTALLATION
Clear building and installation instructions can be found in the GitHub repository (https://github.com/androgr/Bluebox2D). Windows users will need to compile with the GNU toolchain as of now, CMake support is not yet finished.

.SH "HOW TO PLAY"
Press a key to start the game, and select one of the elements below to use. Water is the default, and single clicking will place down an ocean.

------------------- 

| Keys | Texture  |

|   B  | Building |

|   W  | Water    |

|   S  | Sand     |

|   D  | Dirt     |

|   T  | Tree     |

|   P  | Stone    |

|   G  | Grass    |

-------------------

You can optionally press a number from 1 to 4 to select the size of the newly placed element.
Clicking once will place the texture only once. To place many at once, right-click
and drag instead. If you are not satisfied with something, you can reset the window
by pressing C.
If compiled with the flag "enable_saving", you can save the data you drew by pressing Ctrl+S. Saves are stored in ~/.local/share/bluebox/saves/. Saving is only available for Unix-like OSes (Such as GNU/Linux).
.SH "FLAGS"
help \-\- Show available options.

version \-\- Print the version of Bluebox, as well as some information about your hardware.

license \-\- Show the license of Bluebox. Detailed information may be found in /usr/share/bluebox/LICENSE

showflags \-\- Print the flags Bluebox2D is compiled with.
.SH "LICENSE"
Bluebox is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 3. For more information, refer to https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
make(1), cmake(1), gcc(1)
.SH "BUGS"
If you find any bugs or malfunctioning, post an issue to https://github.com/AndroGR/Bluebox2D/issues/ . Bugs are taken seriously and fixed with each release.
